When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would think that you would want a remote repository if you knoew you needed to work
on the file while knowing that you wouldn't have access to your local machine. Another
instance you'd wan't to use a remote repository is when collaborating with other
contributors.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You always want to manually pull changes from the online repository to avoind pulling and
and adding unwanted changes to your files.  As there is no staging area (At least and easily
accessible one) on GitHub, anything you pull gets added without a change to review if it was
done automatically.  Furthermore your repository on GitHub might be public. If that is the
case then changes anyone would make would be automatically added to your local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A branch is when a separate copy of a commit lineage. You would use this when implementing
a new feature that change the underlying logig of the application. The branch would allow
you to keep the original commit lineage in tact while providing the same environment to play
with. A clone copies a repository to your local machine from a URL.  This allows you to pull
code from anywhere for manipulation on your local machine. Use this when you want to edit or
play with code from another machine.  Fork is GitHub's version of clone and should be used
for the same reasons but between GitHub repositories only. Fork comes with the added feature
of tracibility to the original author for the repository as well as other statistics.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally provides a starting
point for the reconstruction of a new branch of changes the may happen in the remote
repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without GitHub, I guess I'd have to use another repository service.  Technically I could
use a complicated clone scheme but the overhead required to keep track of everything
would be too great.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You'd normally want to make changes in a separate branch when you're not sure whether or
not the change in question will break your code.  The benefits include, not blowing up
your stable code and if using GitHub, giving collaborators a chance to review your code
before you commit to the master branch.